refactor(page-navigator): use formik state (#1840)
commercetools/ui-kit: .changeset/unlucky-mirrors-argue.md

> ---
> '@commercetools-uikit/pagination': minor
> ---
> 
> refactor page-navigator to not use internal state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@commercetools-uikit/pagination': patch
---

Fix issue with `Pagination` where programmatic changes to the `page` prop are not reflected into the component internal state.
```
